= <tt>getme</tt>

Getme helps you get the info you need to be a successful and happy human.

    getme command_name [command-specific options] [--] arguments...

* Use the command +help+ to get a summary of commands
* Use the command <tt>help command_name</tt> to get a help for +command_name+
* Use <tt>--</tt> to stop command line argument processing; useful if your arguments have dashes in them

== Commands
[<tt>bart</tt>] Real-time ETD info from BART
[<tt>braincrave</tt>] the place where your brain and my crave become one
[<tt>google</tt>] search google from the command line
[<tt>help</tt>] Shows list of commands or help for one command
[<tt>weather</tt>] What's the weather yo?

=== <tt>bart Use the following options to get information about when BART trains are arriving</tt>

Real-time ETD info from BART

==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>-d, --direction=arg</tt>] What direction are you going? Takes n for north or s for south <i>( default: <tt>n</tt>)</i>
[<tt>-s, --station=arg</tt>] What station are you leaving from? <i>( default: <tt>mcar</tt>)</i>
=== <tt>braincrave braincrave</tt>

the place where your brain and my crave become one

=== <tt>google google</tt>

search google from the command line

==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>-s arg</tt>] You type, we search <i>( default: <tt>searchy search</tt>)</i>
=== <tt>help [command]</tt>

Shows list of commands or help for one command

Gets help for the application or its commands.  Can also list the commands in a way helpful to creating a bash-style completion function

==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>-c, --completion</tt>] List all commands one line at a time, for use with shell completion ([command] argument is partial command to match)
=== <tt>weather Here are some arguments to weather</tt>

What's the weather yo?

==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>-f, --forecast=arg</tt>] How many days of forecasts do you want? Max number of days is 6 <i>( default: <tt>3</tt>)</i>
[<tt>-z, --zip=arg</tt>] Provide your zip, get your current weather <i>( default: <tt>94609</tt>)</i>
